Xiao Can
Sister admits that the Jiang family has wronged you
But now only you can solve the death of the Jiang family
Please save the Jiang family
Otherwise, the Jiang family will be finished, and my father will not be able to live
I told you before.
The Jiang family is kind to me
But the moment I donated my bone marrow
Already fantasized
I still need to see the project
Please go out
That's right.
I dare not go in after what you will do
I don't want to know.
Miss Jiang, please
Xiao Can
The Jiang family was destroyed by you
Does your conscience not hurt?
The Jiang family has never given me their sincerity
Even if it is destroyed, why does my conscience hurt?
You don't have to kidnap me with morality
Useless Song Ge
Miss Jiang, please leave
Your heart is so cruel
Smooth Bank?
Mr. Chen, you finally called